README.md, before:

# Awesome RPN Calculator Test Resolution

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-ruby.svg)](http://forthebadge.com) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](http://forthebadge.com)

This is an attempt to solve the given imaginary problem.

Context
-----------------

We're building this command-line calculator for people who are comfortable with UNIX-like CLI utilities.
We are starting with the basic 4 operators now but will want to eventually implement other operators and
an alternate interface (such as WebSocket, file, or TCP socket).
There's no need to implement these, but design with these future changes in mind.

Specifications
-----------------

1. The calculator should use standard input and standard output
2. It should implement the four standard arithmetic operators
3. The calculator should handle errors and recover gracefully
4. The calculator should exit when it receives a `q` command or an end of input indicator (EOF / Ctrl+D)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'awesome_rpn_calculator'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install awesome_rpn_calculator

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/awesome_rpn_calculator. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the AwesomeRPNCalculator project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/awesome_rpn_calculator/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

chore(README): update README documentation
This commit adds more context on what has been delivered
for this AwesomeRPNCalculator gem.

README.md, after:

# Awesome RPN Calculator Test Resolution

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-ruby.svg)](http://forthebadge.com) [![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](http://forthebadge.com)

This is an attempt to solve the given imaginary problem.

![Gem usage](docs/awesome_rpn_calculator.gif)

Context
-----------------

We're building this command-line calculator for people who are comfortable with UNIX-like CLI utilities.
We are starting with the basic 4 operators now but will want to eventually implement other operators and
an alternate interface (such as WebSocket, file, or TCP socket).
There's no need to implement these, but design with these future changes in mind.

Specifications
-----------------

1. The calculator should use standard input and standard output
2. It should implement the four standard arithmetic operators
3. The calculator should handle errors and recover gracefully
4. The calculator should exit when it receives a `q` command or an end of input indicator (EOF / Ctrl+D)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'awesome_rpn_calculator'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install awesome_rpn_calculator

## Technical Stack

The reason why i chose to go with gem was basically for nicety of an
easy installation for whoever is trying to make use of our RPN
calculator. Not to menstion that fact that it can be also used
alongside in another app as a new dependency. I have tried to write
this test solution in way that can provide scalabiliy for new upcoming
features, and to also ensure readability, by creating small classes
with basic responsabilities. That way, it can follow a more smoothly
onboarding process.

This gems is using the follwing gems for self support:

 - bundler (our default dependency manager)
 - pry (for testing purposes only)
 - simplecov (for increase/ensure test coverage)
 - rake (for creating our custom rake tasks)
 - reek (for adding nice linting for code smells)
 - rspec (our BDD testing gem)
 - rubocop (same as reek, but for more general syntax rules)

## Usage
To run our AwesomeRPNCalculator, just use install the gem, and run:

    $ awesome_rpn_calculator


## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/awesome_rpn_calculator. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the AwesomeRPNCalculator project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/awesome_rpn_calculator/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
